Top shelf Zaza disrupted my circadian rhythm
opp was sneak dissing on the gram, turned his city into Pompeii
we smoking that IBM quantum computer
Fuck it, I ate the opp
They needed a stealth soldier so I put my hand on the hibachi hot plate at Benihana and burned my fuckin’ fingerprints off…they WILL not find me
Smoked a new opp, his meat came right off the bone
The cops interrogated me for an ounce of weed like I didn't kill the hostess at the Applebee's 2 miles away
I’m him, I’ve been him, I will continue to be him
the Cuban link will turn the diamond tester into a pipe bomb
my audemars piguet worth the gdp of yemen... if this watch breaks, the foreign exchange market will take a 28% hit... people will die
Reach for my neck you'll get turned into an example
We smokin symbiotes
The Zaza got me speaking Esperanto
Flipped a whole brick into an empire, stop playing with me
opps wanted some initiative, blew up their entire quadrant, got me movin like oppenheimer
we smokin that Boomhauer
I’m peakin off this danny phantom slime, can you remind me who I am
we smokin' filtered crack, you stupid piece of shit
I knew the perc was fake, but I still ate it because I'm a Gremlin
I was flippin bricks for mansa musa before yall even became a type 1 civilization
The smith and wesson got me moving like an invasive species
Smokin’ fentanyl-laced cereal milk, I see god
I balled so hard they thought I was a fucking nutsack
I sold crack to myself
They must have amnesia they forgot that I'm him
Smoking that Whoopi Goldberg south Egyptian furburger deluxe mega million scratcher skunk bubba kush
I'll air this bitch out like I shit in it
Shorty built like a Jay Electronica verse
last guy that ran off on the pack got choked out by some givanchi gloves, the last thing he saw the price tag on them. slowly faded in to darkness, and I let the archangels take him
Im smokin mesopotamian, stanley cup triple award winning, soul bleeder, taint blaster, JD power associates dingleberry zaza
Get the president on the phone! I fronted him a brick. I need my money
Glock 34 shivered his timbers
Boy ran off with a banjo kazooie, I had to cast a spell on that motherfucker.
I have more perks then their are stars in the Leo clusters
I got strands of rNA in my hookah, every puff is an insult to god
We smokin’ shit in a glass pipe— blowin’ the lord’s bubbles
Broke boy wasnt balling enough, welcome to the Guangdong Tigers
They forgot that I'm HIM. I'm the himulation. I am Him Kardashian. Himbuktu. Himon and Pumbaa.
Walked along the sand dunes of the Sahara Desert for 40 days and 40 nights with nothin' but a pack of Newports and a fifth of Henny. I really do this shit.
Flipped a whole brick into an empire
I got so much cheese in my pocket, they thought I was a calzone
How can I be homophobic? I blew his fucking brains out
This luger will send a christian to hell
Smokin' on kongalese dick wick
The fentanyl got me movin like a claymation figure
58% THC pre-rolled joints, rolled in keef, had me reading the book of Revelations. We are indeed close.
Im smoking on that samarian quasimoto carpet bomber obsequius demon whisperer runts
Pussy boy wanted beef with me over galatic acquisitions
The zaza got me talkin like pingu
Only handed back the free world cause I was bored
The zaza got me connecting the dots
threw the opp into the particle collider, watched his ass get pulled apart into a million pieces
turned his sorry ass into some data
my watch cost 50 bands and I still don't have time for you fuckboys
Im smoking that rasputin hear yee hear yee durban poison
Everything turned red for 8 minutes.  Woke up in Geneva.  Aw man, I did it again
They call me Ben Simmons because I don't play at all
They think I'm homosexual the way I'm chasing the sack
Rome wasn't built in a day, but this 9 millimeter certainly was. GIVE ME THE FUCKING FENTANYL
Beat his ass and send him into an improvement cycle
Got the Registered God Particle on my hip
I psychologically terrorized the opp
The Zanfrancisco got me looking and moving like Mr. Bean. I ain’t saying SHIT
I've been fully consumed by hatred, jealousy and lust, I can't help but to get thrown into a violent trance, at the lightest hint of criticism and push back
I’m freebasing excedrine
the weed will have you in purgatory, screaming for eternity. You will relive every key mistake you've ever made in your life. Over and over and over again.
The casualties you will suffer, trying to fuck with me, will leave you thinkin like Magnus Carlsen
Ring so heavy I can't answer the phone
Unholy doses of Percocet and Hennessy got me shitting the bed more than the Oakland As
They told me I couldn’t shake the city So I shook that shit like a cryin toddler
Smoked a 7 gram backwood of shadow whisperer, shit had me fucked up in the crib, looking up pictures of dogs with human eyes
I'm in the club listening to the brown note
